High School Horror Show



Monsterhearts 2 is about the messy lives of teenagers who are secretly monsters. It explores the terror and confusion of having a body that is changing without your permission. The monstrosity of these characters is literal: they are vampires, werewolves, witches, and more. But their monstrosity is also allegorical, standing in for experiences of alienation, shame, queerness, and self-destruction.
Aside from the MC, each player is in charge of creating and playing a single main character. Each of those main characters starts with a Skin that defines what kind of monster they are. Skins are both literal and allegorical.
‘The Vampire’ is an actual vampire, an immortal being who drinks blood. But they are also a manipulative person who treats consent like a game. They’re both things at once, and the ebb and flow between them will help define the character’s story.

7

Throughout the book you will find a series of examples, demonstrating the intricacies of the game.
The first is below.
Josh gathers together three friends to play Monsterhearts. He takes on the role of the MC.
Cody creates a Werewolf named Cassidy, a jock who lives way out by the woods. Gabriela creates a Witch named Gerard, bedecked in eyeliner and combat boots, who learned his first spell from the liner notes of the most recent Jackals of Disorder album. Lorraine creates a Mortal named Laeli, an aspiring writer who keeps having nightmares about being eaten alive. Laeli’s dating Gerard, whereas Cassidy hates him because he listens to whinge metal.


