

The Conversation

Ch. 1: How The Game Works

Monsterhearts was built on the framework of another game: Apocalypse World by D. Vincent Baker and Meguey Baker. Apocalypse World is about sexy badasses in post-apoc community, and it’s worth getting your hands on. In its pages, the Bakers introduce the idea of the conversation:

8

You probably know this already: roleplaying is a conversation. You and the other players go back and forth, talking about these fictional characters in their fictional circumstances doing whatever it is that they do. Like any conversation, you take turns, but it’s not like taking turns, right? Sometimes you talk over each other, interrupt, build on each other’s ideas, monopolize. All fine.
All these rules do is mediate the conversation. They kick in when someone says some particular things, and they impose constraints on what everyone should say after.
Makes sense, right?
Monsterhearts is also a conversation. It meanders sometimes, but it goes somewhere. You build off the things that other people say. Each player is in charge of one main character: what they think, say, and do. As those main characters live their lives, the players interact with rules that help to sculpt the story as well as shake it up at key moments. The exception to all this is the MC, a player who fills a different role in the conversation.
The MC is in charge of all the side characters, as well as framing scenes and managing the setting. The MC has a different role, but it’s not you against the MC. It’s a conversation, and you’re in it together.


