Framing Scenes



Play is divided into scenes, just like in a movie or TV show. And just like in a movie or TV show, not every moment has to happen ‘on screen.’ The MC and the players make decisions about what’s important enough to show, when the scene should end, and what the group should skip to next. As you play, the MC will ask a lot of questions, and some of the answers will become the foundation for new scenes.
The process of starting a new scene is called scene framing. Often, it’s a very simple process. After one scene ends, the MC can turn to a player and say something like, “So, Amylen, while those two are fighting in the change room, where are you?” The player who is playing Amylen can respond, then, with action taking place in a new scene: “Yeah, I’ve ditched out of my next class, and am walking around the mall. I think I plan to steal something - maybe a handbag.” The MC can respond by fleshing out the scene a bit more, describing the crowds and the mall itself. Or, the MC can ask questions about those topics, and Amylen’s player can fill in those details. Or, another player can suggest that they’re there too, and jump in with their character.

13

The MC has authority over scene framing. This means that the MC is the one who ultimately decides where the next scene starts and what is happening.
However, the MC is invited to share that authority and responsibility whenever doing so makes sense. If it’s clear to the MC what the next moment of action or brooding gloom will be, they can dive into that scene. If it isn’t clear, they can ask questions in order to give others an opportunity to introduce interesting situations.


