

Moves and Rolling

Ch. 1: How The Game Works

During scenes, you contribute to the conversation.
Describe what your character is feeling, say what they say. Describe their actions and how they move through their environment. It’s fine to talk in the first person (”I squeeze between the two desks while muttering under my breath”) or in the third (”Jane squeezes between the two desks while muttering under her breath”). Most people slip in and out of these different approaches, organically and sometimes without even noticing.
It’s also fine to borrow narrative techniques from other mediums, perhaps describing how the camera pans across your bedroom as if it was a movie, or describing a character’s internal monologue, as though they were in a book.

14



Sometimes, you’ll say something that triggers a move.
Moves are rules for doing particular things, and many involve rolling dice once they kick in. There are basic moves that every main character has, like Turn Someone On and Lash Out Physically. There are also moves that are specific to each Skin, like the Vampire’s Feeding or the Werewolf’s Heightened Senses. When you narrate your character doing something described by a move, you follow the rules for that move. On the other hand, if you want the benefit of a certain move, you need to first describe your character taking appropriate action. Either way, you end up with rules and story inseparably entwined.
Sometimes, there isn’t a ‘right move’ – sometimes you can’t get what you want, at least not directly. Don’t try to bend every situation to cram in moves. Sometimes the conversation is just a conversation. There are lots of things that can happen in this game without any moves being triggered. If you find yourself studying the list of basic moves to figure out which one ‘fits’ the current situation, consider that it might not be any of them.
That’s totally fine.
