As they walk across town together after school, Laeli tells Gerard about all the assignments and projects she has due. She’s clearly nervous about it, checking the time on her phone repeatedly as they walk toward her house. Gerard tries to reassure her: “Babe, you need to lighten up. You’re always freaking out about school, but it’s just not that big of a deal. You get good grades, you’d still get good grades if you relaxed and coasted a little.” But Laeli barely hears him. She’s still focused on talking herself through her to-do list.
“I’m serious. Forget about your assignments for the day. Come down to the cove with me. We can pick up some food. We can make out on the beach as the tide slowly washes over us.” Gerard is trying his best to sway Laeli, and Gabriella decides that he’s spending a String to tempt her to do what he wants. On Gerard’s character sheet it notes that he has several Strings on Laeli, represented by little circles next to her name.
Gabriella fills one of them in.
Gabriella remembers a little detail about how Gerard gained one of those Strings: how their intimacy had grown the day that Laeli had helped Gerard dye his hair, staining the whole bathtub black. For good measure, she works in a sidelong reference to that memory: “As Gerard waits for your answer, he brushes his greasy, raven-black hair out of his face, suddenly revealing his piercing amber eyes.”



17

Lorraine smiles at that detail. “Well, how could Laeli say no to that? She gives in to the temptation.”


