For more on sexuality and attraction, see page 48.



Laeli is sitting in the corner of the cafeteria, eating lunch with her boyfriend. Cassidy sidles up to their table and sits down next to Laeli. “Lae, I heard you were thinking about joining soccer this year. Last day for sign ups – are you in?” Cassidy’s leaning in to Laeli’s personal space just a little bit, a hopeful smile on her face. Laeli used to play, but lately her focus has shifted to academics, and her writing. “I don’t know? I haven’t done sports for a few years now. I’m a little spooked by the idea of having to go through tryouts, I guess?”
Cassidy breaks into a grin as she replies, “Oh, no tryouts this year. Everyone’s included. It’s, like, district policy. I know sports haven’t been your thing the past couple years, but I really want you on the team. Get to spend some time with you.” Laeli blushes at that last comment, and squirms a little in her seat. Gerard glowers from the other side of the table. Cassidy presses further, saying with a cocky smirk, “Plus, you’d look hot in cleats, hair back in a ponytail. Say yes?”

19

The players agree that Cassidy is trying to Turn Someone On, so Cody picks up two dice and rolls.
Combined with Cassidy’s Hot score of 2, the end result is an 11. “Alright,” Cody says, “It says here that I gain a String on you, and that you also have to choose a reaction from this list.” As Cody draws a little circle on Cassidy’s character sheet to represent the String, Lorraine glances at the options. She settles on ‘I promise something I think you want’ and narrates Laeli turning beet red as she nods and mumbles, “Okay, yeah, I’ll join.” And with that, Cassidy skips away.


