Keep your Cool



When you keep your cool and act despite fear, name what you’re afraid of and roll with Cold. On a 10 up, you keep your cool and gain insight: ask the MC a question about the situation and take 1 Forward to acting on that information. • On a 7-9, the MC will tell you how your actions would leave you vulnerable, and you can choose to back down or go through with it.
Charging into a burning building to save a loved one, shoplifting a handgun, or facing down a school bully.
Keeping Your Cool comes up when a character attempts to push past their fear and nerves in order to act.
Acting is essential - your character needs to be proactively doing something in the scary or tense situation before this move is triggered.
The trigger for this move is admittedly one of the most subjective in the game. It’s up to the people at the table, but especially the MC and the active player, whether acting in a specific situation requires Keeping Your Cool.

21

When you ask the MC a question about the situation, the MC will answer truthfully and generously, even if it would require preternatural intuition for your character to figure out. The question could involve assessing risks (“What’s the biggest threat in the room?”), uncovering true motivations (“Why did Deirdre come here tonight?”), or developing a better picture of the situation (“Are there any other people in the house right now?”). Your question should pertain to the immediate situation, and the bonus you take Forward should resolve within the next couple scenes.


