Ch. 1: How The Game Works



24

Gaze Into the Abyss When you gaze into the abyss, name what you’re looking for and roll with Dark. On a 10 up, the abyss shows you lucid visions, and you take 1 Forward to addressing them. On a 7-9, the abyss shows you confusing and alarming visions, but you get your answer nonetheless.
Maybe you draw a pentacle in the earth and step in while chanting. Maybe you get high and slip into an alternate consciousness, or commune with demonic voices in the woods, or simply black out during history class. Whenever you lose yourself in brooding introspection, that’s Gazing Into the Abyss.
Before reaching for the dice to Gaze Into the Abyss, ask yourself: what is my character actually doing? What does the audience see? The answers will be different for every character, and often vary each time the move is used. That’s great! What’s important is to understand what’s actually going on in the story.
There’s an iconic scene that happens over and over again in teen paranormal romances. A young girl finds herself more and more intrigued by a mysterious, brooding classmate. But clues keep piling up that there is something unnatural about them, maybe even sinister.
When she can no longer dismiss the clues out of hand, when she can no longer feign disinterest, she turns on her computer. The camera watches over her shoulder as she types nervously into the search engine. A flood of images and captions appear before her, and we can see her eyes widen. She knows. She can’t deny it any longer: vampire! That whole scene is Gazing Into The Abyss.


