Forward



Some moves will tell you to take 1 Forward. This means that you add +1 to your next die roll. A few will be more specific, perhaps telling you to take 1 Forward toward a certain type of action. In those cases, you’ll save the +1 until you find yourself in the specified situation.
When you take 1 Forward, the bonus is always used on just one roll, and then it gets erased or crossed off.

Conditions Conditions represent your character’s social situation and weaknesses. They’re the things that people are saying and thinking about you that shape how you’re treated, or even how you see yourself. Conditions take the form of gossip, unsavory opinions, and interpersonal labels. Conditions are given to people through Shutting Someone Down, Pulling Strings, and a few other avenues.

31

If you take advantage of a Condition that someone has while making a move against them, add +1 to your roll. In order to take advantage of a Condition mechanically, though, you need to explain what that looks like in the story.
It’s important to note that Conditions are things that the other characters think about a particular character.
So if Monique gets labeled a slut or a preening diva, it doesn’t mean that the players think she is those things, or that they think it would be a problem if she were.
That said, it’s important to be careful and thoughtful about brandishing harmful words, even in play. As a white woman, I’m okay with making Conditions out of misogynist language, but I’m not going to be invoking racial slurs in my storytelling. Everyone draws their


