A Condition goes away when the character takes appropriate action to get rid of it, or when it just no longer matters to the wider social group. What counts as “appropriate action” really depends on the particular Condition, and it’s not always clear ahead of time what will count. When the MC and the rest of the group feel like a Condition has been resolved, it gets crossed off. A few different moves can also resolve Conditions mechanically.



At school on Monday, Cassidy ducks out of history to smoke up on the school roof. The MC decides that it’s a perfect opportunity for one of Vic’s friends, Jessalyn, to stumble across her.
“O-oh, I didn’t think anyone else was going to be up here!” Jessalyn’s tone is slightly hostile, and she crosses her arms. The MC goes on to describe: “She’s eyeing Cassidy up, thinking about the yelling match that took place at the party just the other day. She’s wondering whether her loyalty to Vic means needing to get mean in this situation. Really though, she just came up here to cry.”

33

Cody describes how Cassidy’s reactions are a little slow, and an easy smile rests upon her face. “Yeah, it’s okay. There’s room. There’s, like, so much room.”
She extends the joint toward Jessalyn, who hesitates before moving in to join her. The two girls share a few minutes in silence together.
“You know, Cass, most of us still like you. Even after what you said.” Cassidy just nods, watching as the clouds swirl overhead. The group agrees that this scene is enough to get rid of Cassidy’s dead meat Condition, and so Cody crosses it out.


