

Belonging and Difference

Ch. 1: How The Game Works

During adolescence, having a sense of belonging and a coherent social identity is so, so important. When that sense is lacking, self-esteem and physical well-being often suffer. People will go to great lengths to feel like they belong, even if it means making self-destructive choices along the way.

38



For the main characters of Monsterhearts, who are struggling with monstrosity, belonging can feel like an uphill battle. Maybe they want to hide or suppress their difference, and shame hangs over them like a storm cloud. Maybe they act brash and mean in order to mask their insecurities. Maybe they zero in on the one person they think they can trust in the whole wide world, and then say too much too soon, eager to finally catch up on all the validation they’ve been thirsting for. There are a lot of dangerous patterns available.
Part of your agenda is to say what honesty demands, which includes sitting with these anxieties about belonging and difference, and channelling them into the choices you make for your character. Further, it means challenging yourself to see additional dimensions of difference that might exist for them. Is your character a cultural or racial outsider in this community? Is your character flunking their classes? Does your character come from a split family? Are they pretty? Is their family wealthy or are they living off food stamps? Is their dad in jail? While monstrosity and queerness stand out as the obvious types of difference that Monsterhearts puts on the table, that doesn’t mean they are the only ones.
