

Sexuality

Ch. 1: How The Game Works

While characters might be presumed straight at the beginning of the game, it is only a presumption. The rules for Turning Someone On leave desire and arousal as contested terrain during play. Teenagers don’t get to decide what turns them on, and part of adolescence is contending with the confusion that arises when your body behaves in ways you never anticipated. Your Agenda includes keeping the story feral and saying what the rules demand, which means accepting that your character’s sexuality is still emerging.

48

With all of that said, it’s important to draw a line: you aren’t in control of what turns your character on, but you are in control of what they do with that information. If you’re playing Jackson, and Jackson just got a hard-on for another guy, you’re still in control of what he does with that feeling. Maybe Jackson is relatively chill about it, and it doesn’t throw his straight identity off the rails. Maybe he’s confused about it, and starts acting weird around this other guy for a couple weeks. Maybe he gets aggressive. Maybe he cheats on his girlfriend. Maybe he has a big gay awakening.
You need to say what honesty demands, which is that Jackson gets this hard-on and thinks something of it.
But you get to decide what happens next.
Every main character has a sex move, located at the bottom of the inside right page. Most of them are triggered in the exact same way, by having sex with someone. A few work under different terms, like the Fae and the Vampire. For something to count as sex, there needs to be consent.


