Principles

пӮ–

Principles guide the choices you make throughout play, helping you bring the genre and the story to fruition.
TheyвҖҷre best practices to keep in the back of your head, to let seep into the way that you MC. You share the same four-point agenda as everybody else, and your principles are built on top of it. Manifesting them will make sure the game is thematic, compelling, and rife with drama.
ВҸВҸ Embrace melodrama.
ВҸВҸ Address yourself to the characters, not the players.
ВҸВҸ Make monsters seem human, and vice versa.
ВҸВҸ Make labels matter.
ВҸВҸ Give everyone a messy life.
ВҸВҸ Find the catch.
ВҸВҸ Ask provocative questions and build on the answers.
ВҸВҸ Be a fan of the main characters.
ВҸВҸ Treat side characters like stolen cars.
ВҸВҸ Give side characters simple, divisive motivations.
ВҸВҸ Sometimes, disclaim decision making.

85

Embrace melodrama Blanket the world in overwrought darkness. If a scene could take place in a cemetery, set it there. In fact, think about setting it there on the night of the full moon, with your vampire queen leaning up against a tombstone to take a drag of her cigarette as the scene starts. Give yourself permission to be campy and melodramatic.

Address yourself to the characters, not the players Once the game starts, address your players by their charactersвҖҷ names. ItвҖҷs just a small wording shift, but it will create a more vivid experience at the table, by encouraging them to think and respond as those characters. Each character will become more than a pawn in a game. Instead, theyвҖҷll be a conduit for feeling all those melodramatic, beautiful, and hideous teenage things.

пӮҷ
