Playing the Fae Alluring, otherworldly, fickle, and vengeful. The Fae entices people into making promises, and wields faerie vengeance when those promises are broken. They also have the ability to commune with ethereal forces, just beyond the veil.
The two stat choices for the Fae allow you to slant toward being either beautiful and mysterious (Hot 2 & Dark 1) or audacious and alien (Volatile 2 & Hot 1). With a consistentlylow Cold stat, they aren’t prone to being very chill, cynical, or wry. From their forward sensuality to their unwavering sense of justice, sincerity is a big theme for the Fae.
When you play the Fae, promises matter. Use the Fae’s allure and wit to tease those promises out of other characters. You can add mechanical incentive for others to make promises to you by spending Strings to tempt them to do what you want, or through the move Lure. Keep track of the promises that others make to you, in the margins of your character sheet or on scrap paper.
Beyond the Veil, Guide, the option to join a Jury of Fae, and talk of faery justice all invite you to collaboratively imagine the world of faery. To do so, ask questions of the MC, anticipate questions being asked of you in return, and brace yourself for surprise.

Identity Name: Anders, Aurora, Crow, Gail, Harmony, Iris, Lilith, Ping, Selene, Sienna, Walthus

Look: dainty, girlish, gaunt, mysterious, dishevelled Eyes: quick eyes, lyrical eyes, mesmerizing eyes, laughing eyes, piercing eyes

Origin: fae born, fae blooded, swapped at birth, stole the gift, touched with the gift
