Playing the Ghoul Obsessive, dangerous, morbid, and quiet. The Ghoul is constantly contending with voracious Hunger, and the emotional distance brought on by death makes it easier to do bad things in pursuit of feeding. They might be a flesh-eating zombie, or something a little more subtle and strange.
The two stat choices for the Ghoul paint a portrait of the character as either cruel and erratic (Volatile 2 & Cold 1) or disaffected and portentous (Cold 2 & Dark 1). Since The Hunger forces you to Keep Your Cool to avoid a feeding opportunity, your Cold stat plays a pivotal role in maintaining self-control.
Watchful Golem and Esprit de Corpse both present the ability to steer the Ghoul in a couple different directions. Are you watching over others out of a deep-rooted but unexpressed sense of care? Or are you skulking around serving them because death took away your sense of independence?
Short Rest For the Wicked is a recipe for pandemonium. It’s also an invitation to the MC to frame you into a new, dramatic situation. A lot can happen in a few hours.
Your Sex Move prompts you to create a new Hunger. It can be anything you like, and it’s added to your character alongside their existing Hungers. If you have sex often, you’ll find your appetite growing wider and weirder all the time.

Identity Name: Akuji, Cage, Cole, Georgia, Horace, Iggy, Mara, Morrigan, Silas, Sharona, Victor, Zed

Look: gaunt, stiff, disfigured, detached, wrecked Eyes: hollow eyes, quiet eyes, calculating eyes, harsh eyes, hungry eyes

Origin: resurrected, constructed, disturbed, rejected, sent
